welcome to jobless kitchen today i am
making signature table a dish that's
monkey doll that's tall money so why
it's called the al-bukhari let me tell
you because we will be putting butter
than this plus we'll be using heavy
whipping cream in this so this is like a
real Punjabi dish so just want to let
you guys know that the alba Kuni means
the that is black earth with kidney
beans the chana Pathan doesn't go in
this recipe so let me show you recipe
which I have from my childhood and this
is my mother signature dish Plus
whenever you go to Punjab to any to ABBA
that's it ah hostile da I am going to
present you guys today so let me
introduce you to the ingredients today
here doll your you'll see I have already
soaked this Thal get some kidney beans
so I have used around one cup of Thal
with you can say like half half half cup
but less than that of kidney beans so
not much of kidney beans but this is the
doll which I have already solved from
for 5 hours so we will be just putting
it in pressure cooker and give like 1 or
2 vessels then it would be done then
what else we need for this is we will be
putting some long dad's cloths
cloves in this with some ginger in this
so ginger should be this way it should
be like a string you can cut with your
you know hands or you can grate it like
strings then for Turkana that is for
tempering you will be needing some jeera
that is cumin seeds some finely chopped
fresh garlic some onions some cilantro
then here is the Puri
I have already pureed around 4 Tomatoes
4 medium size 2 Tomatoes Puri actually
gives a nice texture and color to the
dark McVie that's the reason we are
using Puri
and here is my butter what else we need
is some salt some garam masala that and
some red chilli powder with some heavy
whipping cream
so ginger I'll be using in the pressure
cooker so let's start the process so
whenever you soak the whole or anything
like kidney beans also juice and water
only to give it a you know pressure a
pressure cook the dal
use that water only don't take that
water out so I will be using this water
so here goes our that I have already
added cloves in it so you have to use
around 8 9 cloves in this if you want
you can use black cardamom big cardamom
you can use that too but I am avoiding
this this is like for now daily use so
if it's a party time you should use that
oh it will give a nice flavor so here
goes the its around one cup of thought I
would say and around 3 cups of water in
it and here goes ginger so you have to
use ginger this family
and some oil in this some people put
turmeric in this but signature dish of a
job doesn't have any turmeric in it so
Maki dal that is the almani no turmeric
in it so here let me close the cooker
and I'll just put it putting it on a
high flame and I putting it on a high
flame and well you don't give it a
whistle
two or three whistles then it would've
been down in the meanwhile I'll just
start making Turki of this - here it
goes my butter about 2 tablespoon of
butter let it get melted then we'll be
using the ginger at all
don't let it brown so I will be using
some cumin seeds cumin seeds actually
it's optional so I'll not be using much
of cumin seeds in this and ginger I have
already put in my pressure cooker and
you can see it's already on high heat
here will not be wasting time will be
making Turki in the meanwhile our dal is
getting pressure cooker so my tada
cumin seeds are done here goes the
garlic so you don't burn tablespoon of
garlic
these arrested
making a circle because Punjabis are
first you see my other recipes USD
Punjabis ourselves are always we use a
lot of circle like and here goes my
onions so I am using around 1 medium
sized onion so that's the reason I am
again saying we have to be generous in
using all the things in this my garlic
is done here goes onions just clear it
for until it's like golden brown onions
are done so here goes
my fresh meat
they feed under
so I am using at home for William size
tomatoes if like it you have more
quantity of salt so you can put more to
Madison this so I'll just say cover this
with a slit and give it like five
minutes and once it will once it will
exert water
sorry oil from it then it's done it's
around x five to seven minutes and you
can see it have has already lost it has
started losing oil from it that means it
stands for massage masala should be
properly done so now I am going to put
some salt in it sort according to your
taste I will be using around 1 teaspoon
of salt some red chilli powder if you
want you can use more I don't use much
and you can use green chillies also in
the meanwhile my just cooker will be
getting this is as my cooker have just
you oughta gristle I can get the aroma
of ginger and cloves from my machi doll
that's just nothing it's just getting
boiled so once you will make this way
you will get that aroma from the start
so my masala is almost done I just keep
on more whistles to my doll and then I
will just put
in the turgor let me see how my doll
looks like look at the texture look at
the kidney beans over here it's some
ginger over this so we are just gonna
take this doll and put it in my saucepan
and it I have already done the tampering
so I have just put all the doll in this
and I will just keep it on there between
medium to high heat for around 15-20
minutes the actual way of making doll in
Punjab is we keep this in the morning
and it's it will be done by the evening
so what we call it as in Punjabi is
karna karna means we have to put it on
this low or between low heat and let it
cook you know slowly steadily and gives
a nice flavor and color till evening but
yeah if you want a good texture
keep this after putting a tempering and
all this keep this for around 1 hour or
so to get a royal taste but I will not
be taking much time I will give like
15-20 minutes and I just cover this with
a lid and let it cook on medium heat for
a while it's around 15 minutes still yet
and it's still on like medium heat and
I'll just give like 15 more minutes to
get professional dark which is like
petit with all so what I have to do is
right now to get a good texture I will
be using the spatula and I will be
mashing some dal this way so this will
give a very nice texture to the DAR and
this is the way the dhaba people make
the are in punjab so you can use the
masher but we are not mashing hold on
but we are less mashing like somewhat
dull in this so it will give a thick
gravy also and adds value and adds
flavor to the god so I'll just cover it
with a lid for another 15 minutes check
back in 15 minutes because I want to
show you guys a professional royal dal
makhani
the all is like on slow cooking for
around 30 minutes now look at the
texture look at the color so this is the
consistency of the dog which we actually
need and which we actually have in the
Dabas so now it's a time to just turn
off the heat and use your heavy whipping
cream first I will be using some
cilantro here goes some cilantro and now
put some heavy whipping cream use that
much you can you know because that adds
a rich flavour to the star just ER this
and we are done so you can see the rich
creamy color in the dal here goes dal
makhani rich creamy dal makhni Punjabi
dish just try out this recipe the way I
have told you you are really gonna love
it and try out my more recipes hit the
like button leave me comments your
solutions are always welcome and
subscribe on my channel for you know
knowing more videos as we are coming out
with many more medial videos thank you
for watching bye bye